[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1991 psychological thriller
The Silence the Lambs
so let's get started the film opens with
FBI trainee Clarice Starling being
assigned to interview Hannibal Lecter a
former psychiatrist serial killer and
cannibal to get his insight on a serial
killer named Buffalo Bill who kills
women and removes her skin Lecter
decides to help her after another inmate
throws semen on her Lecter then tells
her to find an old patient of his and
when she does she finds that his head
has been severed with a moth stuck in
his throat Lecter explains that this man
who is linked to Buffalo Bill Lecter
says that he will help Clarice profile
Buffalo Bill if she can move him to a
different facility in order to get him
away from the facility's administrator
Frederic Chilton lecture later asks for
a quid pro quo offering to exchange
information for personal information
about Clarice Buffalo Bill abducts a
senator's daughter named Catherine
Martin and Clarice reveals a story about
her father being killed when she was 10
years old Chilton makes Lecter his own
deal
which he agrees and Lecter is flown to
Memphis there Lecter torments senator
Ruth Martin and gives her misleading
information including the name Lewis
friend Clarice discovers that this name
is an anagram for iron sulfide or fool's
gold
Clarice confronts Lecter in his Memphis
cell and trades information again
telling a story about lambs being
slaughtered and that she sometimes still
wakes thinking about the lamb screaming
Lecter later kills his guards and
escapes from his cell Clarice reviews
lectures notes on the case files and
realizes that Buffalo Bill knew his
first victim personally and travels to
the victim's hometown she discovers that
Buffalo Bill was a tailor making dress
patterns identical to the patches of
skins removed from his victim she calls
her boss Jack Crawford and informs him
that Buffalo Bill is trying to make a
suit out of women's skin Crawford is
already on his way to make an arrest
after reviewing lectures notes himself
looking for a
woman named Jane gum while Crawford
leads the team to gums house
Clarisse arrives at the house of Jack
Gordon the real name of Jamie Gumb
Clarisse pursues him and finds Katherine
is alive trapped in a dry well Clarisse
is able to kill gum and save Katherine
at her FBI graduation Clarisse receives
a call from the escaped Lecter he
assures her that he isn't coming for her
so long as she doesn't come for him the
film ends with Lecter saying that he is
having an old friend over for dinner and
we see that Lecter is following Chilton
implying that Lecter is going to eat him
so that was the spoilers for the silence
the Lambs if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching